---
layout: post
title: Tra-La-La!
tags:
- Personal
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2005-01-07
---
It's the quickie updates!

* Go visit [HomeStar Runner](http://www.homestarrunner.com) if you haven't.  Specifically the _Teen Girl Squad_ episodes.  I haven't been there in awhile, but I was just reminded about it by a voice in my head.
* I'm feeling really, really great.
* I got the orientation at the <span class="caps">YMCA</span> near where I work.  I learned good tips about how to lift weights to achieve my goals.  I had not been doing it *all* wrong, but I wasn't nearly as efficient as I could have been.  I can write out what the tips were, if anyone is even reading anymore.  The point is that I'm in good hands over there.  I also rented a locker and joined a basketball league.
* Work is really starting to come together.  The boss lady gave me a lot of validation this week, and we haven't really even started to "break the eggs" yet, if you will.  At the moment, I'm working on material I find super interesting in [Web standards](http://www.westciv.com/style_master/academy/css_tutorial/) like <span class="caps">XHTML</span> and <span class="caps">CSS</span>.  It's a way to make pages look pretty without having to bend yourself over backwards to make the desired layout _possible_.
* The pay is good.
* I'm reading books like {{<amzn asin=a3xpaCz title="The Millionaire Next Door">}} half because I'm tired of reading books about my subject matter, half because I'm interested in how to get rich.  The secret: no bling-bling.  Whatever will Puff think?
* I got my Palm working again.  It's been nice to have it around, especially since I'm going the "It's-not-a-purse-it's-a-messenger-bag" route so I can always have it around.

Now I'm going to get showered and head to work.
