---
layout: post
title: Updates
tags:
- Personal
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2005-01-28
---
That's right, time for a spate of updates.  This one will be fun!

* My last entry titles have used entirely too many exclamation points
* I'm going to go see Bright Eyes this weekend
* Me and Megan are still going out.  It's going quite well.  You'll have to contact me personally for all the lurid details.  _Did I say lurid?_
* Brady bought a house
* Allie got engaged, and I am such a bad friend, I haven't even called her yet to congratulate her, although that is on the schedule for this weekend.
* So is calling Andy, who I haven't talked to in probably a year and a half.
* Eric Furbish is coming to town at the end of February.
* I'm going to Tennessee in the middle of February.
* I turn 26 in, like, 16 days
* I got called in by Robert Half Technology to bail some project out.  It's at once flattering and kind of scary.  I'm going to do this one because I feel great right now, and it's always nice to have a couple more tech folks that you know when you're in my line of work.  But rescuing troubled projects sounds like a way to get an ulcer in about five years.  There's *so many* ways to get yourself into trouble on a tech project.  And, as I'll write an essay about shortly, there's no _inherent_ incentive to produce good projects.
* I'm working on some other big projects, but I'm only going to mention them here when there's something to actually discuss.  Right now, it's too unreal.
* I really like my new job.  The work has been very gratifying.  I like the people.  The laptop that they issued me is unbelievable.
* I am totally rocking the Palm Tungsten C again.  I forgot how nice it was to have it with me at all times.  Thanks to Megan's messenger bag (which I am not allowed to call a _man-purse_) I can do that no matter what I'm wearing.

Isn't that enough?
