---
layout: post
title: ! '#53: Lifted'
tags:
- Music
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2005-11-14
---

Erin bought me {{<amzn asin=8YhzUp9 title="Fevers and Mirrors">}} on a trip to an independent CD store in downtown Knoxville to which I never returned.  I thought it was an OK record with a bit too much screaming for my tastes.  I recall enjoying one or two songs on the record though, and that's sometimes enough to make my radar.

During my live music trading binge, I happened upon a Conor Oberst show at the Showbox in Seattle, and that was quite enough to download it.  Sometime during the next few months, I actually listened to the version of _Waste of Paint_ on that record, and I was really intrigued.

{{<youtube vfnXW4F9RPY>}}

Shortly after that, I downloaded the album {{<amzn asin=aCArU9R title="Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil">}}  and shortly after that, I bought it.  It still has a good amount of screaming, of which I'm not generally a fan (although some {{<amzn asin=99Vb5ya title="notable exceptions exist">}}), and is on one level a confusing album.

_Lover I Don't Have To Love_ is sort of a self-loathing treatment of indie rocker love, and it's followed by <em>Bowl Of Oranges</em>, one of the most straightforwardly positive songs imaginable.  While, unlike some, I don't believe that his lyrics deal directly with his bi-polar nature, the diagnosis after listening to this album is pretty natural.  That would explain some of his ass-hat behavior since becoming famous, probably.

When I started writing the draft of this post, I initially thought that I had put this album somewhere in the 20's.  Sometimes albums end up defining an era of your life; for me, this album defines the fall of 2003, my first in Richmond.  I was still dealing with a lot of grief from Erin's death, and really making the first attempts at opening myself to dealing with new people again.  Jesse passed away that December.  And yet I could sense that the seeds of my new life had already been sown, and that I would very much enjoy the future, if I could just find the strength to get there.