---
layout: post
title: Plants
tags:
- Personal
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2006-09-15
---
While we were [on vacation](../2006-09-15-stranger-in-a-familiar-land), our yard was magically transformed from one with builder's grade holly bushes and juniper stumps to one with two full beds around the two main edges of the house, a new tree, and new beds under the existing tree and by our mailbox.

It's been exciting for many reasons.

First, I finally feel like the neighborhood has evidence that we care about how our house looks.  Those stumps have been out in the yard for about a year, and no matter if Megan prefers that to the alternative, it's still tacky.

Second, the plants themselves are very nice.  I felt like Kathy really listened to us and knew what we wanted.  That really showed up in the final results.

Third, I've never really had such visible evidence of "Wow, I watered it and now it's really growing!"  It's a bonding experience, espcecially for such a techie like myself. We have some really excellent rose bushes!  They are [a new kind of rose](https://www.knockoutroses.com/), apparently, and they've already taken off.

Finally, the watering and weeding (at this point) is very centering for me.  Spending a few minutes thinking of nothing besides covering some beds with water is very Zen like.  I've even done some weeding over the past couple of days&#8212;it's so frustrating to see some stupid onion shoots in the middle of all those beautiful plants!
