---
layout: post
title: Quickies
tags:
- Personal
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2006-11-28
---

* Megan and I redid the kitchen!  It's mostly her doing, although I did a lot of the furniture assembly.  We repainted and redecorated.  
* I thought the holidays went really well, although I personally was sick for most of Thanksgiving day and parts of the surrounding days.  I am mostly over it now, but not completely.  Yuck.
* I was effectively eliminated from playoff contention in my one fantasy football league.  That's tough to take, because I feel like the top three teams are all in my division, and I just didn't get the breaks this year.  
* That fact has in no way damaged my enjoyment of this college football season, which is the most enjoyable in my memory&#8212;besides Tennessee's 1997 championship, of course.
* I think Jeremy and I are really getting into some fruitful discussion areas.  Changing minds, both your own and others, is tough!
* Thanks to some 3rd party software, my iPod and I are finally getting along somewhat.  I want to like it, I do, it's a great piece of hardware but I much preferred loading up my iRiver-- it just did what I wanted.
* I've been getting more exposure to [Zimbra](http://www.zimbra.com/) at work since we're transitioning to a hosted service for our e-mail.  That is one slick program!  I'm excited that I might actually be able to use a calendar.  Neither Google's nor Yahoo!'s ever stuck for me.
* I'm going to see if my sister can turn out a design for my redesign.  Then, even if that works, I'll have to do the <span class="caps">CSS</span> part.  Here's hoping!  After that, I'll still have to do some work to get the categories into [Mephisto](http://www.mephistoblog.com/) ready shape.  But I'm excited and ready to make the switch.
* As far as <span class="caps">CISV</span> goes, a new web design is in store there, and I think it's really good.  That'll be a fun week to move the <span class="caps">CISV USA</span> site to something from the 21st century.
* I heard [she](ttps://money.cnn.com/blogs/legalpad/2006/11/anshe-chung-first-virtual-millionaire.html) started with [one red paperclip](http://oneredpaperclip.blogspot.com/).
