---
layout: post
title: ! '2007 Year In Review: Goals'
tags:
- Personal
- Tech
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2007-12-31
---
At the end of January 2007, I made a list of my goals for what I wanted to accomplish before my 29th birthday in February of 2008.  There's been so much change already that I think it's OK to revisit this list in light of the first moments of 2008 being upon us.

### Goals for the Blog

#### Short term: Get the blog URL structure cemented as best as possible.

I am satisfied with what I got done here.  Without belaboring the point for those who don't care too much, my goal was to get to a place where I would feel comfortable with Google no longer ignoring me.


#### Mid term: Get designer for personal site

I actually contacted someone who was willing to barter me some design skills for general technical excellence, but she backed out.  Oh, well!  I just picked a theme from the gallery as a result.


#### Year end: Have one two-word #1 Google result


I did accomplish this briefly-- now appending "jimvanfleet" to the same query STILL doesn't even get me first result.  Google, you're so shifty!  I am going to change the form of this goal for next year to just encourage myself to create quality content.  Anyone familiar with this blog should realize that's a major challenge for me. 


### Goals for CISV USA


#### Short term: Get [CISV USA](http://www.cisvusa.org/) moved to the new design


I am currently demoing a beta of another multiple-site [Mephisto](http://www.mephistoblog.com) installation to allow some chapters to have their home pages there.  This one is a success.


#### Mid term:  Get someone to help with mail administration


Total failure here.  Everyone I know is overqualified, and no one else has shown enough interest.


#### Year end:  Get one group using the wiki actively.


Still time on this one!  One more EEC retreat before my birthday, but I doubt it'll work.


### Goals for CVREG

#### Short term:  Complete what
