---
layout: post
title: 336 Hours
tags:
- Charlotte
- Current Events
- Personal
status: publish
type: post
published: true
Date: 2011-02-08
---
In the next two weeks, I expect the following events:
* I will speak at <a href="http://ignitecharlotte.org">Ignite! Charlotte</a> for a second time, this time in front of a sold-out Neighborhood Theater.
* My wife Megan and I will have a pre-natal visit and our last ultrasound before the birth of our first child, a son, in April.
* My wife's parents will make their first visit to Charlotte, bringing their dogs with them.  We will have ten living creatures in the house.
* I will turn 32.
* My wife will have a baby shower.
* My parents will visit with the intention of selecting a new home for themselves, here in Charlotte.  After that selection, I expect the logistics of their move to be made in a short amount of time.
* I will attend a meeting of CRTEC which promises to become the home of Charlotte's technology leadership, followed by a meeting with another CRTEC member to discuss our vision of Charlotte's software development community.
* I will attend an all-day workshop for entrepreneurs focused on preparing for investment and attracting investors to small businesses, put on by the [BIG council](http://www.bigcouncil.com/) in conjunction with the SBTDC.
* I will submit a talk for RailsConf 2011.
* Megan and I will attend a Punch Brothers show at the Neighborhood Theater.  Chris Eldridge is a dear friend of Megan's.
* I will celebrate the one year anniversary of going freelance with it's bspoke.
* Adam Howell and I will observe the one year anniversary of Work Montage and our product Mocksup.
* And finally, although a more formal announcement will be forthcoming, I've altered bspoke's charter to accept a full-time CTO position at Otherscreen, a web and mobile startup here in Charlotte, NC.  It is a true privilege to be working with this team already, and you should expect big things.

That's in addition to client work and the particulars of every day life.  If I am overly quiet or missing for a good portion of February, now you know why.  If I owe you something, please keep reminding me.  Except for you, Raquel, I'm almost done with your recommendation.
